Álvaro, in the program we have
studied the entrance barriers of the
different sectors and in particular
we have seen that the software sector
generates enormous entrance
barriers for potential
competitors.
What are the key factors
that create this barrier?
Well, the software world actually
has barriers that you call
barriers and I call advantages.
You call it barriers when you are
outside the castle, you call it
advantages when you are inside the castle.
As I was inside the castle and also
my castle was of the largest,
because it was a very big advantage.
The first is the regulation.
That is, the world of software,
the world of management software
above all, which is where I have
been fully focused, has a legal
limit, labor accounting, invoicing,
electronic invoice, thousands
of examples, which are
community, local, national,
international regulations
that force a series of
changes.
That’s a barrier for those who
want to get in because it forces
them to be changing and it’s an
advantage because it makes
your users have to be changing
and over with a complexity so
switching to a third is even
greater.
That is a idiosyncrasy of
our industry.
The following is the component of
human preparation, knowledge
of that and also that you have
to pay attention to a legal
requirement in time and in form.
That is, you the document 348
that you have to submit it annually,
as not present you a huge
fine.
Then the risk of making a change to a
third party you have to make sure that
you will learn that new program
and that in time and in form
you will adjust it.
All this is to explain that when
a user decides to change that
barrier for those out or that
wall that Spotify for the new
streamer that has just come out.
What is the risk of not hearing music
tonight?
What is the risk if I change my accounting
from today to tomorrow?
Will I pay VAT?
I don’t know how many thousands of
euros.
Here is it.
The next theme is the training, the
preparation of the people who manage
that program.
A program, however simple a new
learning curve, puts employees
in front of a challenge that
is sometimes complicated.
I think that’s an idiosyncrasy
that has our industry, there
are others that have others
by complexity, by
technology, etc.
This one is exactly what is
the main.